com/example/ecommerce/ConfirmActivity.java
 com.example.ecommerce.ConfirmActivity
 com.example.ecommerce.ConfirmActivity$1
com/example/ecommerce/databinding/ActivityAdminAddNewProductBinding.java
 com.example.ecommerce.databinding.ActivityAdminAddNewProductBinding
com/example/ecommerce/ViewHolderClasses/ProductViewHolder.java
 com.example.ecommerce.ViewHolderClasses.ProductViewHolder
com/example/ecommerce/databinding/ActivityConfirmBinding.java
 com.example.ecommerce.databinding.ActivityConfirmBinding
com/example/ecommerce/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.ecommerce.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/ecommerce/databinding/ActivitySettingsBinding.java
 com.example.ecommerce.databinding.ActivitySettingsBinding
com/example/ecommerce/databinding/AppBarHomeBinding.java
 com.example.ecommerce.databinding.AppBarHomeBinding
com/example/ecommerce/SettingsActivity.java
 com.example.ecommerce.SettingsActivity
 com.example.ecommerce.SettingsActivity$1
 com.example.ecommerce.SettingsActivity$2
 com.example.ecommerce.SettingsActivity$3
 com.example.ecommerce.SettingsActivity$4
 com.example.ecommerce.SettingsActivity$5
 com.example.ecommerce.SettingsActivity$6
 com.example.ecommerce.SettingsActivity$7
com/example/ecommerce/ViewHolderClasses/CartViewHolder.java
 com.example.ecommerce.ViewHolderClasses.CartViewHolder
com/example/ecommerce/databinding/ActivityCartBinding.java
 com.example.ecommerce.databinding.ActivityCartBinding
com/example/ecommerce/MyClasses/Products.java
 com.example.ecommerce.MyClasses.Products
com/example/ecommerce/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.example.ecommerce.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
com/example/ecommerce/databinding/ActivityRegisterBinding.java
 com.example.ecommerce.databinding.ActivityRegisterBinding
com/example/ecommerce/databinding/NavHeaderHomeBinding.java
 com.example.ecommerce.databinding.NavHeaderHomeBinding
com/example/ecommerce/MainActivity.java
 com.example.ecommerce.MainActivity
 com.example.ecommerce.MainActivity$1
 com.example.ecommerce.MainActivity$2
 com.example.ecommerce.MainActivity$3
com/example/ecommerce/ProductListActivity.java
 com.example.ecommerce.ProductListActivity
 com.example.ecommerce.ProductListActivity$1
com/example/ecommerce/MyClasses/Orders.java
 com.example.ecommerce.MyClasses.Orders
com/example/ecommerce/databinding/NeworderviewBinding.java
 com.example.ecommerce.databinding.NeworderviewBinding
com/example/ecommerce/RegisterActivity.java
 com.example.ecommerce.RegisterActivity
 com.example.ecommerce.RegisterActivity$1
 com.example.ecommerce.RegisterActivity$2
 com.example.ecommerce.RegisterActivity$2$1
com/example/ecommerce/MyClasses/Cart.java
 com.example.ecommerce.MyClasses.Cart
com/example/ecommerce/LoginActivity.java
 com.example.ecommerce.LoginActivity
 com.example.ecommerce.LoginActivity$1
 com.example.ecommerce.LoginActivity$2
 com.example.ecommerce.LoginActivity$3
 com.example.ecommerce.LoginActivity$4
com/example/ecommerce/databinding/ActivityProductListBinding.java
 com.example.ecommerce.databinding.ActivityProductListBinding
com/example/ecommerce/databinding/ActivityHomeBinding.java
 com.example.ecommerce.databinding.ActivityHomeBinding
com/example/ecommerce/databinding/ActivityAdminNewOrderBinding.java
 com.example.ecommerce.databinding.ActivityAdminNewOrderBinding
com/example/ecommerce/adminNewOrderActivity.java
 com.example.ecommerce.adminNewOrderActivity
 com.example.ecommerce.adminNewOrderActivity$1
 com.example.ecommerce.adminNewOrderActivity$1$1
com/example/ecommerce/RememberMe/RemeberMe.java
 com.example.ecommerce.RememberMe.RemeberMe
com/example/ecommerce/ProductDetailActivity.java
 com.example.ecommerce.ProductDetailActivity
 com.example.ecommerce.ProductDetailActivity$1
 com.example.ecommerce.ProductDetailActivity$1$1
 com.example.ecommerce.ProductDetailActivity$1$2
 com.example.ecommerce.ProductDetailActivity$2
com/example/ecommerce/databinding/ActivityProductDetailBinding.java
 com.example.ecommerce.databinding.ActivityProductDetailBinding
com/example/ecommerce/Admin_AddNewProduct_Activity.java
 com.example.ecommerce.Admin_AddNewProduct_Activity
 com.example.ecommerce.Admin_AddNewProduct_Activity$1
 com.example.ecommerce.Admin_AddNewProduct_Activity$2
 com.example.ecommerce.Admin_AddNewProduct_Activity$2$1
 com.example.ecommerce.Admin_AddNewProduct_Activity$2$2
 com.example.ecommerce.Admin_AddNewProduct_Activity$3
 com.example.ecommerce.Admin_AddNewProduct_Activity$4
com/example/ecommerce/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.ecommerce.BuildConfig
com/example/ecommerce/CartActivity.java
 com.example.ecommerce.CartActivity
 com.example.ecommerce.CartActivity$1
 com.example.ecommerce.CartActivity$1$1
 com.example.ecommerce.CartActivity$1$1$1
 com.example.ecommerce.CartActivity$1$1$1$1
 com.example.ecommerce.CartActivity$2
com/example/ecommerce/databinding/ProductItemLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.ecommerce.databinding.ProductItemLayoutBinding
com/example/ecommerce/ViewHolderClasses/AdminOrderView.java
 com.example.ecommerce.ViewHolderClasses.AdminOrderView
com/example/ecommerce/databinding/AdminCategoryActivityBinding.java
 com.example.ecommerce.databinding.AdminCategoryActivityBinding
com/example/ecommerce/databinding/ContentHomeBinding.java
 com.example.ecommerce.databinding.ContentHomeBinding
com/example/ecommerce/HomeActivity.java
 com.example.ecommerce.HomeActivity
 com.example.ecommerce.HomeActivity$1
 com.example.ecommerce.HomeActivity$2
 com.example.ecommerce.HomeActivity$3
 com.example.ecommerce.HomeActivity$3$1
com/example/ecommerce/Admin_Category_Activity.java
 com.example.ecommerce.Admin_Category_Activity
com/example/ecommerce/MyClasses/Users.java
 com.example.ecommerce.MyClasses.Users
com/example/ecommerce/databinding/CartitemlayoutBinding.java
 com.example.ecommerce.databinding.CartitemlayoutBinding
